Ankur Joshi
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Developer at Yahoo , BrightRoll Video Team

Summary
Looking for an opportunity to enjoy quality work in Computer Science and real time challenges !!

Experience
Software Developer (BrightRoll Video Team) at Yahoo
April 2015  -  Present  (1 year 4 months)
Work mainly on Demand Side Platform to create epitome of unique video advertising model and
experience.
Demand side(Major) platform, Supply side tools, Ad serving , Data Pipeline , Backend API
development.
Technologies (not limited)- Java , Ruby , Scala, AWS, Cloudera, JS
Software Developer at Yahoo
February 2015  -  March 2015  (2 months)
Ads and Data - Video Ads Platform

Software Developer Internship at Yahoo
May 2014  -  August 2014  (4 months)
Allstar , Ads & Data
Technologies: JAVA, JAVA Spring/Hibernate, Apache Velocity, Crontab, Maven, MySQL, Linux
Box, JavaMail,Scrum
Integrated Data Quality Management with Allstar code base for video Ads.
Implemented Quartz scheduler job to send DQM alert email for Ads which cant be served on Yahoo
properties with failure reasons.
Impact - Low fallout for Non Secure , Not Mobile Safe Ads. Better visibility to account managers
regarding Ads going to be served on guaranteed (premium) line.
Software Engineer at Infosys
July 2011  -  July 2013  (2 years 1 month)

Project- Subscriber Database Architecture, Client- Time Warner Cable
Technologies: MySQL, PL/SQL, UNIX Putty, Java, FileZilla, VNC viewer, OLTP - OLAP ,Data
Warehouse, Netezza (Novice)
ETL - Staging , Cleansing and Enrichment , Snow-Flake Schema, Aggregate Generation
Coordinated advance network for client to effectively enhance the profit of the organization.
Designed optimized SQL queries on cross tables to analyze data and provide potential solutions.

Education

State University of New York at Buffalo
Master's degree, Computer Science, 2013 - 2014
Activities and Societies:  International Students Association.
Walchand College Of Engineering (Autonomous Institute)
Bachelor's degree (B.Tech), Electrical, Electronics and Communications Engineering, 2007 - 2011
Activities and Societies:  Student Organization of Technical Activities (SOFTA)
Savarkar
School Graduation, 1995 - 2005
Activities and Societies:  Strike member of school Cricket team

Interests

Software Development\Engineering , Operating Systems , Information Retrieval , Database Systems
and Management , Machine Learning , Data Mining

Ankur Joshi
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Developer at Yahoo , BrightRoll Video Team

1 person has recommended Ankur
"I have professionally known Ankur for 8 months as a member of our Time Warner Subscriber
Database Team during his tenure in Infosys. I have found him to be extremely patient and diligent.
 He is a balanced team player and a good programmer. He is always willing to stand up to work
challenges. His computer skills, especially in JAVA and ORACLE are admirable. His contributions
to the project repository continue to guide new team members. Some of his Automation Systems
for the project are also noteworthy. Besides a developer, Ankur is also a dynamic person. He was a
member of the event team and organized several events at Infosys. He is good badminton player.
With his credentials and capability in my mind, I sincerely recommend him for the job opportunity
at your reputed Organization. Sudhanshu Singh Janghel Proprietor, Datamagic Technologies
+91-9579690900 sudhanshu.janghel@gmail.com"
—Sudhanshu Janghel, Big Data Consultant,  Cloudwick,  managed Ankur indirectly at Infosys

Profile Notes and Activity (2)
5/17/2016—View by Estelle Richardson
5/17/2016—InMail sent by Estelle Richardson ({1})

