Jerad Fields

Email:

jeradfields@gmail.com

Head Data Scientist at Angel.ai
I'm an NLP engineer/data scientist building natural language understanding systems. Previously, as a
phd student, I used probabilistic machine learning models as a framework to understand the principles
underlying human learning and generalization.
EXPERIENCE

Angel.ai (formerly Gobutler Inc.)
Head Data Scientist

July 2015 - Present (1 year
1 month)

Led the development of our NLU system whose core capabilities are intent
classification, domain-specific entity recognition (i.e. slot filling), and entity
normalization. We use a broad range of machine learning approaches from neural
embeddings and long short-term memory networks (LSTMs) to conditional random
fields (CRFs) and dependency parsers.

Metis New Economy Skills Training
Data Science Bootcamp

April 2015 - June 2015 (3
months)

Built a content-based book recommender system that uses a neural embedding of
millions of user reviews to construct a similarity space of books.
http://www.BookSpace.co
In another project, I showed that the success of a movie is predicted by the traffic to
its Wikipedia page prior to release and also by the length of its Wikipedia page prior to
release.

Petroleum industry
Founder, Software Engineer

January 2011 - August 2014
(3 years 8 months)

Developed a data acquisition, processing and visualization tool that assists geologists
in monitoring the drilling of oil-wells.

New York University, Cognition &
Percpetion

August 2010 - January 2011
(6 months)

PHD student
I focused on using probabilistic models from machine learning and computational
statistics to model human learning behavior. I worked with various sophisticated
models and algorithms including:
Dirichlet process and Hierarchical Dirichlet process mixture models
Bayesian Hidden Markov models
Bayesian nonparametric hidden Markov models (i.e., hidden Markov model
with Hierarchical Dirichlet process prior)
Markov chain Monte Carlo methods (e.g., Gibbs sampling, Metropolis-Hastings
algorithm

New York University, Cognition &
Perception

2008 - 2009 (1 year)

Research Assistant
Worked in a computational vision lab studying second-order texture perception in
humans. Conducted psychophysics experiments on human subjects and compared
the results to model simulations.

Columbia University in the City of New
York

2007 - 2008 (1 year)

Research Assistant
Assisted with research on human decision making using fMRI.

National Institutes of Health
Summer Research Fellow

2006 - 2006 (less than a
year)

Molecular biology research related to genes involved in carcinogenic tumors.

University of Oklahoma

2005 - 2006 (1 year)

Research Assistant, Cardiology Lab
Research on the nature of atrial fibrillation and the treatment thereof using
radiofrequency ablation.

EDUCATION

New York University

2010 - 2011

Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.), Computational
Models of Human Learning,

University of Central Oklahoma

2002 - 2006

Bachelor's degree, Philosophy, Biology,
Bachelor's degree, Philosophy, Biology, 2002 - 2006

LANGUAGES

SKILLS

English

Matlab, Machine Learning, Bayesian methods, Data Modeling, Python, Statistical
Modeling, Biology, LaTeX, Markov Chain Monte Carlo, Bayesian statistics, Research,
Quantitative Research, Geology, Cognition, Statistics, 2 Data Analysis, Science, Web
Mining, Data Mining, Neural Networks, NLP, Data Science, Algorithms, R,
Programming, SQL

