RAVI NAGENDRA
851 Clyde Avenue | Santa Clara | CA 95054 | Mobile: 315-664-8159
Email: rnagendr@syr.edu | LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/in/ravinagendra

EDUCATION
Master of Science - Computer Science
Syracuse University, L.C Smith School of Engineering and Computer Science- Syracuse, NY
Bachelor of Engineering - Computer Science
Sri Jayachamarajendra College of Engineering, Visvesvaraya Technological University, India

May 2016
GPA 3.75
June 2009
GPA 3.7

TECHNICAL SKILLS




Programming Languages: C, C++, C#, Java(Android), Objective-C(IOS), Tizen, Visual Basic, Symbian
Operating Systems: Unix, Linux, MS Windows
Tools: Microsoft Visual Studio, Eclipse, GIT, GDB, Code collaborator, Coverity, Klockworks, Clearcase, Synergy.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Euphony Inc, Software Developer Co-Op
Feb 2016 – May 2016
Developed an android app which enabled text to speech synthesis with an option to control speech, pitch and emotion.
Used the google cloud storage and parse SDK to store and retrieve audio files along with its metadata.
Intel Corporation, Mobile Cloud Engineering Intern
May 2015 – August 2015
Responsible for design and development of malware detection algorithms for the McAfee mobile antivirus software.
 Designed and implemented Ad-Networks detection algorithm for finding the malwares trying to display spam ads
in an android app.
 Implemented the dex parser for parsing any Dalvik Executable (DEX) file of android app and created the detailed
analysis which was used to find the presence of any malware in the app.
 Implemented the Social-Networks detection algorithm to identify the theft of user credentials by the hackers.
 Reverse engineered the android apps using apktool/Java Decompiler to detect the latest threats. Provided the
privacy score for the apps which indicated the presence of any malware threats.
Syracuse University, Graduate Research Assistant
October 2014 – July 2015
Involved in research of text retrieval system using self-organizing document maps. Responsible for the implementation of
various text retrieval algorithms such as Kohonen algorithm, Salton’s term-weight algorithm.
Samsung R&D, Lead Engineer, Multimedia Solutions
May 2012 – July 2014
Responsible for design and development of key file-system and camera modules for Samsung’s next-generation Tizen line
of devices; promoted in 10 months against the company average 24 months.
 Designed and implemented the camera software for the tizen smartphones, in collaboration with teams from
Korea, USA and Ukraine. Relocated to Korea for 3 months during this activity.
 Developed the basic I/O Application programming interfaces required for developers to access file system on the
Samsung Tizen platform
 Lead a team consisting of 4 members which was responsible for developing MyFiles application for the Tizen
Smartphones.
Nokia R&D, Software Engineer, Platform Development Team
July 2009 - May 2012
Researched and implemented innovative features across all platforms of Nokia devices; promoted in 14 months against the
company average of 20 months.
 Integrated Near Field Communication (NFC) in the Nokia phone simulator, enabling developers to conveniently
utilize this technology
 Developed the device driver for the Multimedia memory card reader, enabling communication between the
hardware and the operating system

ACADEMIC PROJECTS



Implemented a code analyzer tool which was responsible for finding relationships between various types like class,
interface. The tool was used to construct the dependency tree in a compiler.
Implemented a dependency analyzer tool which involved client server communication using Microsoft windows
communication framework. The tool was integrated with eclipse IDE to find dependencies between various
projects.


